com/example/nostalgia/fragments/TimePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.TimePickerDialogFragment
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.TimePickerDialogFragment$1
com/example/nostalgia/activities/UserSettingsActivity.java
 com.example.nostalgia.activities.UserSettingsActivity
com/example/nostalgia/adapters/RecyclerViewGalleryAdapter.java
 com.example.nostalgia.adapters.RecyclerViewGalleryAdapter
 com.example.nostalgia.adapters.RecyclerViewGalleryAdapter$MyImageViewHolder
 com.example.nostalgia.adapters.RecyclerViewGalleryAdapter$MyVideoViewHolder
com/example/nostalgia/database/MemoryBaseHelper.java
 com.example.nostalgia.database.MemoryBaseHelper
com/example/nostalgia/fragments/UserSettingsFragment.java
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$1
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$10
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$2
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$3
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$4
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$5
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$6
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$7
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$8
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.UserSettingsFragment$9
com/example/nostalgia/adapters/IntroductionPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.nostalgia.adapters.IntroductionPagerAdapter
 com.example.nostalgia.adapters.IntroductionPagerAdapter$1
com/example/nostalgia/database/MemoryDbSchema.java
 com.example.nostalgia.database.MemoryDbSchema
 com.example.nostalgia.database.MemoryDbSchema$memoryTable
 com.example.nostalgia.database.MemoryDbSchema$memoryTable$Columns
com/example/nostalgia/models/MemoryLab.java
 com.example.nostalgia.models.MemoryLab
com/example/nostalgia/activities/LauncherClassActivity.java
 com.example.nostalgia.activities.LauncherClassActivity
com/example/nostalgia/activities/MemoryPagerActivity.java
 com.example.nostalgia.activities.MemoryPagerActivity
 com.example.nostalgia.activities.MemoryPagerActivity$1
com/example/nostalgia/database/MemoryCursorWrapper.java
 com.example.nostalgia.database.MemoryCursorWrapper
com/example/nostalgia/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.nostalgia.BuildConfig
com/example/nostalgia/models/Memory.java
 com.example.nostalgia.models.Memory
com/example/nostalgia/fragments/DatePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.DatePickerDialogFragment
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.DatePickerDialogFragment$1
com/example/nostalgia/fragments/MemoryListFragment.java
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryListFragment
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryListFragment$1
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryListFragment$2
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryListFragment$3
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryListFragment$Callbacks
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryListFragment$MemoryAdapter
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryListFragment$MemoryHolder
com/example/nostalgia/supplementary/ItemClickRecyclerView.java
 com.example.nostalgia.supplementary.ItemClickRecyclerView
 com.example.nostalgia.supplementary.ItemClickRecyclerView$1
 com.example.nostalgia.supplementary.ItemClickRecyclerView$2
 com.example.nostalgia.supplementary.ItemClickRecyclerView$3
 com.example.nostalgia.supplementary.ItemClickRecyclerView$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.nostalgia.supplementary.ItemClickRecyclerView$OnItemLongClickListener
com/example/nostalgia/activities/MemoryListActivity.java
 com.example.nostalgia.activities.MemoryListActivity
com/example/nostalgia/activities/SingleFragmentActivity.java
 com.example.nostalgia.activities.SingleFragmentActivity
com/example/nostalgia/fragments/MemoryFragment.java
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$1
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$10
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$11
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$12
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$13
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$14
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$2
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$3
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$4
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$5
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$6
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$7
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$8
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$9
 com.example.nostalgia.fragments.MemoryFragment$Callbacks
com/example/nostalgia/activities/IntroductionActivity.java
 com.example.nostalgia.activities.IntroductionActivity
com/example/nostalgia/adapters/GalleryViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.nostalgia.adapters.GalleryViewPagerAdapter
 com.example.nostalgia.adapters.GalleryViewPagerAdapter$1
 com.example.nostalgia.adapters.GalleryViewPagerAdapter$2
